did you see what happened the FED
shocked the markets and the FED may have
just crushed the economy in today's
video we are going to understand why
ignoring the FED is ignoring the truth
but guess what you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you I'm
going to look at the details of the
Federal Reserve meeting that happened
that will affect everybody even if you
are not inside of the United States and
I'm going to explain why in addition to
that I'm going to tell you who are the
biggest winners and who are the biggest
losers in this circumstance here today
first things first let's talk about what
happened I want to show you of course
directly from the source itself from the
federal reserve's website you can see
basically the Federal Reserve decided to
keep interest rates the same now you
would think if that's the case
Federal Reserve leaves interest rates
the same they're not going to increase
again then the market would go up but
that didn't happen I don't know if you
could see over my head right here but
the market started to come down as soon
as Powell opened his mouth the market
started to fall and so we have to look
into deeper as to what was said it's
pretty clear the market didn't like it
didn't like it all right and uh what do
you think why do you think that the
Federal Reserve keeping interest rates
the same what does that signal about
what's happening well there's something
else coming I want to know what you
think though about all of this interests
on the national debt is a big concern uh
we'll talk more about that but imagine
just imagine right now the day where the
interest is already a trillion dollars
closing in on a trillion dollars in
interest payments where is that going to
be if we leave in interest rates at
these levels okay Regional Banks cannot
handle this with svb all these other big
Banks out there they can't do it they
can't deal with it and of course that
means potential bank failures are going
to be more common throughout 2023 into
next year the longer it stretches on for
it's not swept under the rug it's not
forgotten in fact it gets worse as time
goes on let me show you something here
the FED declines to hike but points to
rates staying higher for longer and that
really was the crushing blow that
occurred because we've been told for so
long oh the Federal Reserve is going to
start cutting interest rates this was
the September meeting which we were told
earlier this year that at this point we
would get our first rate cut not only
did they not get the First Rate cut but
they signaled more would come this year
in 2023 in increases now that's a big
one all right
projections released by the FED showed
that the central bank would hike rates
to a median 5.6 percent by the end of
2023 up from 5.25 and 5.5 that means
another rate hike another rate hike is
it going to be able to handle that is
the economy are the markets going to
handle another rate hike because when
they increase that rate you know that we
got to then wait for the next meeting
likely unless there's an emergency to
start cutting interest rates but what is
that emergency what was the linchpin
that was pulled what happened well at
this time there's no real excuse for
that right so I'm going to show you what
indicators we got to be watching because
if you miss that information you miss
the truth well then you're going to be
misinformed you're not going to make the
right decisions and so that's why I want
to prepare you for that because you want
to take this information you want to run
with it you want to go with that and you
know I have
the zoom calls I have with the
mentorship group we can get into this in
real detail but I think it's important
that we look at this each and every time
so that as the new information comes out
we are simply just adding to what we
already know okay but let's get a
baseline here and that is the Federal
Reserve has increased interest rates to
a level we have not seen in many many
years this is burdening of course the
regional Banks it's burdening all of the
big corporate structure that's out there
and of course small business too and so
yes the individuals you know with their
mortgages and everything that that's a
whole different story but when you look
at it on the grand scale where the
billions and the trillions are these
things are only sustainable at super low
interest rates when you increase those
interest rates it creates a problem it
creates a big problem in fact and that's
what I talked about in my original book
that when with the day that we do have
increase of interest rates there's a
huge problem underlying this whole
system easy monetary policies you
reverse that oh man you create a big
problem but look how long it took to get
to this point now some would say that
means deflation that means everything is
going to go Haywire there's going to be
a meltdown of sorts
potentially
but what comes after that and that is
the printing presses if you think right
now at this time that the Federal
Reserve has done a lot of money printing
You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet
all right I'm pretty sure there's a song
written with those lines all right
um this is a good one I worry about the
economic and policy signals coming out
of the Federal Reserve press conference
may come across too many as both
confused and confusing some will deem
this as inevitable consequence of this
phase of inflation and policy Cycles
others will view it as further evidence
of the challenging fed communication we
don't know what to expect of course but
it is confusing because there's mixed
signals anybody telling you that they
got 100 certainly oh this is the reason
why
well then they've got an issue because
we don't know you can see some strength
in some areas and you see some weakness
in other areas and you kind of try to
balance that out this isn't 2017 where
it was so very obvious or let's say
March 2020 where it was so very obvious
we are now in a mixed scenario and so
we've got to play this accordingly all
right looking at it you could see what
the dollar had done of course hey we're
going to increase interest rates we're
going to be tough US dollar goes up this
is against its peers of course and you
look at it over a period of time uh it
had been fluctuating but Hey whenever I
see dollar strengthening that's positive
for somebody that's outside of the U.S
earning US dollar that's always a
positive let me tell you okay so looking
at Gold
um just in the uh you know over the last
little while
this is always going to fluctuate but
I'm just letting you know the price as
of now 1928 by the time I record this
video and get that out to you in a few
hours as well as silver being at 23.
this is one thing that is going to
fluctuate all the time it doesn't
represent actual real physical gold but
this is what we're dealing with this is
what we got and what I say about gold
and I say this all the time when all
else Capital all else fails then they
turn to Gold until then
they don't care okay the physical metal
totally different there's always going
to be a shortage there's always this
demand for the physical but the paper
whole different story all right so watch
out watch how much allocation you have
to Precious Metals fed estimates this is
basically talking about
uh you know what we have at the end with
the interest rates on the national of
debt okay
the Blended interest on U.S debt will be
approximately two trillion dollars
double where it is now you've got to
understand here we're increasing the
amount of debt
Max like it's going crazy it's going
crazy right now you've seen it 33 what
happened to 33 trillion 32 trillion
Thirty weren't we just at 30 trillion a
second ago and now we just blow by 33
trillion
just like that so imagine if they keep
adding to this which they will we know
that oh you want you want to spend money
here you want to spend money there yeah
throw a trillion there I'll throw a
trillion there no problem and imagine in
the next Crisis how much money
they've need they'll need to hand out
left right and Center okay and so you've
got this problem where they are paying
all of this interest on the national
debt at almost a trillion now going to
go to 2 trillion in the next little
while
what does that do because they don't say
you know what okay we got a crisis we
have a people to help and so we're going
to help these people and we're going to
stop paying the interest on the national
debt it's a matter of you know National
Security or whatever the case whatever
excuse they make no they won't do
anything
okay they're not going to help people
they're going to pay that interest
they're going to continue status quo how
does that make you feel
let me know share my comment section is
not busy enough I want to see the
community grow we're seeing that on
Discord thank you but I want to also see
that in the comments section all right
the Central Bank
um try to boost Financial Market
liquidity the FED is letting up to 95
billion dollars in bonds run off its
balance sheets each month so every
single month this declines and puts more
strain on the financial system because
it needs this whole uh you know
artificial stimulation and it's not
getting that and it's changing big time
right we've seen that
you know a lot right okay look at this
power indicated that while a soft
Landing is still possible it should not
be considered the Baseline expectation
this struck fear in the market
participants that we could be in for a
harder Landing than anticipated and that
right there was enough to give the
one-two punch on the markets this is
important because Powell's saying that
was the big shock it was that they
didn't want to hear that at all not at
all and yet they got that and so here we
are right now waiting the next little
while we got to wait some time for the
next meeting up until then there's a lot
of uncertainty and that's going to come
through in the data what are we going to
get on the CPI and the PPI and the core
pce so the inflation indicators that
they give us that's going to show some
signals what about employment numbers is
it still strong or are we starting to
see weakness some of that you know is is
positive and negative but if you
subscribe I'm going to bring you all
those details so even before the next
fed meeting I'll have the information
that you need to know all you gotta do
is tune in okay so when you hit that
thumbs up or subscribe you're more
likely to see these videos up in your
feed okay
uh this comes out of Seeking Alpha
what basically what it's talking about
is elevated rates will pressure dividend
income investors ahead of the fomc
statement real estate investment trusts
fell into a downtrend pattern the
sector's pricing and Powerful suggestion
of higher interest rates for longer than
the markets expected all right there you
go and so we can see that I have a big
concern over the real estate investment
trusts overall uh the debt associated
with it remember like I don't think
people understand to say hey but real
estate investment real estate is strong
look at the real estate market we're
talking about like single-family homes
that's different you got to know
something here when we talk about these
big businesses they've got so much debt
so much debt and that debt is not you
know a 30-year debt it's not 30-year
paper they're getting it short term and
that means the next time they got to go
back to the banks to the lenders they're
getting at a much higher level so a lot
of them are going to have to default
some of it has happened already but the
concern is now growing because the
Federal Reserve is saying higher for
longer if you want this article
um as well as
um you know others that I have I've
shown you that's from Seeking Alpha
seeking out the link is in the
description if you want to know more
about that it's on my website speaking
of my website everybody has to go
everybody don't go anywhere because that
is the place to be it's available to you
for free compass is in there the
financial audit all these different
things are available to you for free at
compass compass is that
themoneygps.com I want to see you there
I want everybody to check it out finally
brought that out the moneygps.com take a
look it's right down there okay at the
same time I want to highlight the
comment of the day mg you are right
about people devolving go to the big box
stores and people are pushing their
carts around don't even look around or
care if anyone is in their way we can
see that Society is declining it's
devolving rapidly and what do we got to
do do we got to uh you know hide out in
the woods or do we try to find
like-minded people do we try to find
individuals out there who have the same
ideals as us and the same behaviors as
us and believe it or not we do exist
you're watching this video right but we
are few and far between and so yes we we
do experience this but we don't give up
all right we don't give up and we have
to understand that time is something
that is not on our side so we need to
hurry up essentially look I wanted to
get to this I don't I didn't think I was
gonna get a chance but quickly really
quickly the regional Banks and
Commercial Real Estate are the weakest
links okay right now there's no question
about that so watch out watch very
carefully
um that means more failures could come
and that that means job losses all right
strong economy gives the FED a reason to
hike again so watch those indicators
I'll bring them to you in future videos
at the same time stocks with undeserved
valuations are likely to see pain so the
ones that went up 200 for no reason now
we got to start looking at that and say
like it just gets more difficult as we
drain liquidity out of the system you're
encountering a more difficult
um let's just say like there's no real
reason for this and so as a result it
reverts to the mean or at least doesn't
go back to these lofty levels that some
of them have seen so that's my video for
today I hope you appreciate it thumbs up
if you did on the next video we're gonna
break out some real cool stuff we're
gonna talk about oil all that kind of
thing I want you to check it out so I'll
see you in the next one take care